README.md, before:

<!-- DOCTOC SKIP -->

[TOC]

# Table of Contents

[Main Page](https://wolfcon.github.io/Life)

## Development

### iOS / macOS / tvOS / watchOS

- [CocoaPods 使用](CocoaPodsUsage.md)
- [GCD 的㊙️之 - 🔐](SecretOfGCDLocks.md)
- [Objective-C 关键字修饰符](ObjectiveC关键字修饰符.md)
- [CoreFoundation - String Transform](CoreFoundation_CFStringTransform.md)
- [宏命令判断检测 SDK 版本](SDKVersionCondition.md)
- [Pre-defined C/C++ Compiler Macros](PreDefinedCC++CompilerMarcros.md)
- [生物认证](LocalAuthentication.md)
- [Customizing the Notarization Workflow](CustomizingTheNotarizationWorkflow.md)
- [UITests Failure - Failed to scroll to visible (by AX action) Button](UITestsFailure.md)
- [iOS Simulator 101](iOS_Simulator101.md)
- [Let App Support Files](iOS_LetAppSupportFiles.md)
- [Get Rid of CocoaPods](CocoaPods_Deintegrate.md)
- [Auto Push to CocoaPod Trunk](CocoaPod_AutoPush.md)
- [Shortcut of NSMenuItem and NSButton](macOS_Shortcut4MenuItem+Button.md)
- [对于 Mac Catalyst 不支持的控件的解决方案](iOS_MacCatalystCapabilityExtension.md)
- [Mac Catalyst 中强行使用不支持的 API](iOS_MacCatalystUsingUnsupportedAPI.md)

### LocalStorage

#### Realm

- [Realm 数据库迁移](RealmMigrations.md)

### Swift

- [Swift 修饰符](Swift_修饰符.md)
- [Error (👀NSError 去哪了?)](Swift_Error.md)
- [Print & DebugPrint 进阶](Swift_Print.md)

### Git

- [Signing Commits with GPG](Git_SigningCommits.md)
- [Shallow Clone](Git_ShallowClone.md)
- [Orphan Branches](Git_OrphanBranches.md)

### Debug

- [Network Link Conditioner - 网络连接调节器(调试/测试用)](NetworkLinkConditioner.md)
- [Watchdog - Exception Codes: 0x8badf00d](8badf00d.md)

### Lua
- [Lua 中的 and 和 or 的特殊用法](Lua_AndOrUsage.md)

## Windows

### General

- [SonyTV Lan Share by SMB](SonyLanShareBySMB.md)

## Linux & macOS 

### General

- [cron 定时任务](cron定时任务.md)
- [mac 外接显示器 HiDPI 设置方法](RetinaDisplayResolutionSetting.md)
- [万恶的 bogon](Bogon.md)
- [macOS 的基础配置及实用功能](macOS_BasicSettings.md)
- [PlistBuddy CLI 使用方法](PlistBuddyCLIManual.md)
- [macOS 顶部栏图标高级骚操作指南](TopTaskBarIconArrangement.md)
- [Xcode 账户失效问题](XcodeAccountExpired.md)
- [Xcode 在代码中为注释额外增加⚠️](Xcode_ExtraWarning4Comment)
- [在 Finder 中对文件夹/文件加入 `使用 VSCode 打开`](macOS_OpenWithVSCode.md)
- [macOS 清除 Launchpad 中的无用图标](macOS_RemoveInvalidApp.md)
- [Oh My Zsh 的花式配置](CML_OhMyZsh.md)

### Certificate
- [Lets Encrypt 证书配置](LetsEncrypt配置.md)

## Management

- [API 版本号管理](SemanticVersioning.md)
- [文档系统部署](DocSite.md)

## Others
- [我常用的软件](UsefulSoftwares.md)
- [屏蔽 Google API / Recaptcha / Analytics 等以加快网站访问速度](BlockGoogleSuits2SpeedUp.md)
- [VSCode 的各种实用(沙雕)插件合集](VSCode_Plugins.md)
- [万恶的 DNS 污染之 Github 等正常访问](DNSCachePollution.md)
- [Foobar2000 Lyrics](Foobar2kLyrics.md)
- [Excel 保护密码💣](Office_ExcelProtectionCrack.md)
- [FFmpeg Export Manual](ffmpeg_ExportManual.md)

## Hardware

### Keyboard

- [常识 - USB 与 PS/2 键盘之间的接口区别 (转 - 编辑版)](CS_USBKeyboardPS2.md)

### Display

- [Benq Zowie XL2540 浅谈](ZowieXL2540Advanced.md)

### Game

#### CSGO
- [启动项的奥秘](CSGO_启动项.md)
- [架设自定义皮肤服务器](CSGO_LocalServerSkins.md)
- [CSGO-英文大词典](CSGO_Dictionary.md)
- [地图英文报点位置](CSGO_Callouts.md)
- [分辨率细节](CSGO_Resolution.md)
- [Console Command Manuals (CSGO 命令行手册)](CSGO_ConsoleCommands.md)

#### WoW

- [基本设置命令](WoW_SettingCommands.md)
- [Xaryu's Addons & Macros](WoW_Xaryu'sAddonsMacros.md)

##### Development

- [魔兽世界插件开发之版本判断](WoW_VersionCheckVariable.md)
- [Patch 1.13.2/API changes](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Patch_1.13.2/API_changes)
- [Porting addons to Classic](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Porting_addons_to_Classic)
- [Reddit: Diff of current Classic vs Live. - Part 2. FrameXML](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/bnn2jp/diff_of_current_classic_vs_live_part_2_framexml/)

#### C&C RedAlert

- [[Win10 Solutions]RedAlert II & Yuri's Revenge + 老游戏通用适配](RA2_Win10.md)

- [How to make Command & Conquer Red Alert 2 and Yuri's Revenge Maps](https://forums.cncnet.org/topic/8245-how-to-make-ra2-yr-maps-final-alert-2-tutorial/)

## Medical

- [感冒的轻症自我用药](Disease_Medicine4Cold.md)
- [🦷的自我修养](Disease_Tooth.md)

## Driving Technique

- [安全行车全责一览动图](DT_CarAccident.md)
- [基础的驾驶技巧动图](DT_BasicCarKnowledge.md)

## Resources

- [经典TVB电视剧 Magnet](Res_TVBEpisodes.md)

Commit message:

Update the solution of connecting via network in Xcode

README.md, after:

<!-- DOCTOC SKIP -->

[TOC]

# Table of Contents

[Main Page](https://wolfcon.github.io/Life)

## Development

### iOS / macOS / tvOS / watchOS

- [CocoaPods 使用](CocoaPodsUsage.md)
- [GCD 的㊙️之 - 🔐](SecretOfGCDLocks.md)
- [Objective-C 关键字修饰符](ObjectiveC关键字修饰符.md)
- [CoreFoundation - String Transform](CoreFoundation_CFStringTransform.md)
- [宏命令判断检测 SDK 版本](SDKVersionCondition.md)
- [Pre-defined C/C++ Compiler Macros](PreDefinedCC++CompilerMarcros.md)
- [生物认证](LocalAuthentication.md)
- [Customizing the Notarization Workflow](CustomizingTheNotarizationWorkflow.md)
- [UITests Failure - Failed to scroll to visible (by AX action) Button](UITestsFailure.md)
- [iOS Simulator 101](iOS_Simulator101.md)
- [Let App Support Files](iOS_LetAppSupportFiles.md)
- [Get Rid of CocoaPods](CocoaPods_Deintegrate.md)
- [Auto Push to CocoaPod Trunk](CocoaPod_AutoPush.md)
- [Shortcut of NSMenuItem and NSButton](macOS_Shortcut4MenuItem+Button.md)
- [对于 Mac Catalyst 不支持的控件的解决方案](iOS_MacCatalystCapabilityExtension.md)
- [Mac Catalyst 中强行使用不支持的 API](iOS_MacCatalystUsingUnsupportedAPI.md)

### LocalStorage

#### Realm

- [Realm 数据库迁移](RealmMigrations.md)

### Swift

- [Swift 修饰符](Swift_修饰符.md)
- [Error (👀NSError 去哪了?)](Swift_Error.md)
- [Print & DebugPrint 进阶](Swift_Print.md)

### Git

- [Signing Commits with GPG](Git_SigningCommits.md)
- [Shallow Clone](Git_ShallowClone.md)
- [Orphan Branches](Git_OrphanBranches.md)

### Debug

- [Network Link Conditioner - 网络连接调节器(调试/测试用)](NetworkLinkConditioner.md)
- [Watchdog - Exception Codes: 0x8badf00d](8badf00d.md)
- [Connecting Problems with devices in WiFi debugging](Xcode_ConnectingByWiFi.md)

### Lua
- [Lua 中的 and 和 or 的特殊用法](Lua_AndOrUsage.md)

## Windows

### General

- [SonyTV Lan Share by SMB](SonyLanShareBySMB.md)

## Linux & macOS 

### General

- [cron 定时任务](cron定时任务.md)
- [mac 外接显示器 HiDPI 设置方法](RetinaDisplayResolutionSetting.md)
- [万恶的 bogon](Bogon.md)
- [macOS 的基础配置及实用功能](macOS_BasicSettings.md)
- [PlistBuddy CLI 使用方法](PlistBuddyCLIManual.md)
- [macOS 顶部栏图标高级骚操作指南](TopTaskBarIconArrangement.md)
- [Xcode 账户失效问题](XcodeAccountExpired.md)
- [Xcode 在代码中为注释额外增加⚠️](Xcode_ExtraWarning4Comment)
- [在 Finder 中对文件夹/文件加入 `使用 VSCode 打开`](macOS_OpenWithVSCode.md)
- [macOS 清除 Launchpad 中的无用图标](macOS_RemoveInvalidApp.md)
- [Oh My Zsh 的花式配置](CML_OhMyZsh.md)

### Certificate
- [Lets Encrypt 证书配置](LetsEncrypt配置.md)

## Management

- [API 版本号管理](SemanticVersioning.md)
- [文档系统部署](DocSite.md)

## Others
- [我常用的软件](UsefulSoftwares.md)
- [屏蔽 Google API / Recaptcha / Analytics 等以加快网站访问速度](BlockGoogleSuits2SpeedUp.md)
- [VSCode 的各种实用(沙雕)插件合集](VSCode_Plugins.md)
- [万恶的 DNS 污染之 Github 等正常访问](DNSCachePollution.md)
- [Foobar2000 Lyrics](Foobar2kLyrics.md)
- [Excel 保护密码💣](Office_ExcelProtectionCrack.md)
- [FFmpeg Export Manual](ffmpeg_ExportManual.md)

## Hardware

### Keyboard

- [常识 - USB 与 PS/2 键盘之间的接口区别 (转 - 编辑版)](CS_USBKeyboardPS2.md)

### Display

- [Benq Zowie XL2540 浅谈](ZowieXL2540Advanced.md)

### Game

#### CSGO
- [启动项的奥秘](CSGO_启动项.md)
- [架设自定义皮肤服务器](CSGO_LocalServerSkins.md)
- [CSGO-英文大词典](CSGO_Dictionary.md)
- [地图英文报点位置](CSGO_Callouts.md)
- [分辨率细节](CSGO_Resolution.md)
- [Console Command Manuals (CSGO 命令行手册)](CSGO_ConsoleCommands.md)

#### WoW

- [基本设置命令](WoW_SettingCommands.md)
- [Xaryu's Addons & Macros](WoW_Xaryu'sAddonsMacros.md)

##### Development

- [魔兽世界插件开发之版本判断](WoW_VersionCheckVariable.md)
- [Patch 1.13.2/API changes](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Patch_1.13.2/API_changes)
- [Porting addons to Classic](https://wow.gamepedia.com/Porting_addons_to_Classic)
- [Reddit: Diff of current Classic vs Live. - Part 2. FrameXML](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/bnn2jp/diff_of_current_classic_vs_live_part_2_framexml/)

#### C&C RedAlert

- [[Win10 Solutions]RedAlert II & Yuri's Revenge + 老游戏通用适配](RA2_Win10.md)

- [How to make Command & Conquer Red Alert 2 and Yuri's Revenge Maps](https://forums.cncnet.org/topic/8245-how-to-make-ra2-yr-maps-final-alert-2-tutorial/)

## Medical

- [感冒的轻症自我用药](Disease_Medicine4Cold.md)
- [🦷的自我修养](Disease_Tooth.md)

## Driving Technique

- [安全行车全责一览动图](DT_CarAccident.md)
- [基础的驾驶技巧动图](DT_BasicCarKnowledge.md)

## Resources

- [经典TVB电视剧 Magnet](Res_TVBEpisodes.md)
